♪ Sun on my back ♪
♪ Soft place to sleep ♪
♪ Yeah I like that ♪
♪ Wind in my hair ♪
♪ I just relax ♪
♪ Going nowhere ♪
♪ And I like that ♪
♪ Yeah I like
that ♪
♪ I think I'll
stay ♪
♪ Right where
I've been ♪
♪ Take what I got ♪
♪ Take it all in ♪
♪ And just take
my time ♪
♪ Then give it back ♪
♪ 'Cause it's not mine ♪
♪ And I like that ♪
♪ Yeah I like that ♪
♪ And just like that ♪
♪ And I think I'll stay ♪
♪ Right where I've been ♪
♪ Take what I got ♪
♪ Take it all in ♪
♪ And just take my time ♪
♪ Then give it back ♪
♪ 'Cause it's not mine ♪
♪ And I like that ♪
♪ Yeah I like that ♪
♪ Mmmm. Just like that ♪
♪ Shoes on my feet ♪
♪ Sun on my back ♪
♪ Soft place to sleep ♪
♪ And I like that ♪
♪ Just like that ♪
Cody?
Hey, Zach.
What's up, Cody?
Papi's sleeping.
I can tell.
- Don't play with these, ok?
- Ok.
These are for grandpa.
Ok!
Dad, wake up.
Wake up.
Take these.
Did you do your stretches today, dad?
- Hey, Cody.
- Hey, Mom.
How you doing, kiddo?
Did you bring cigarettes?
Yeah.
Hey, Zach.
What's up, sis?
Change of plans.
Can you take Cody?
I've got a shift and then I was
gonna go see Gabe
before he leaves town.
Yeah, but I gotta take dad
home and Allen called
and I'm supposed to meet up
with him later.
I could leave him with dad...
Cody. Let's go for a ride.
Thank you.
-Can I drive?
- Come on dad, I'll give you a ride
back to Carol's.
Sure, go get her started.
Cody!
Table 5!
I told you. I can't close up today.
Derell's not here yet.
You're stuck, kid.
This is a diner, Picasso.
Not the Louvre.
Come on! People are waiting.
Finally, man!
I gotta go.
Sorry man.
Cody, let's jet.
Yo, Gabe!
Hey hey, the Gabester!
- Yo!
You're learning to skate I see.
Fuck you. What up.
-What up.
I've got Cody in the car so let's go.
Baby on board, huh?
- I'm taking you to the lot, right?
- Yeah, cool.
Hey you should come up to S. B.
You know, wouldn't hurt to get some
pussy you didn't have in high school.
You and Tori broke it off, right?
Sorta...
- You know how it is.
- "Sort of"...
Dude... he's five.
He's sleeping.
No I'm not!
You are a sly one.
Yeah he likes to pretend
he's sleeping.
Go figure.
That smells like Alan's cigarette.
Who's Alan?
Jeanne's boyfriend.
Of the week...
Dude, why don't you try and go to
Santa Barbara Community College?
You can crash at our house until
you get your own place, you know?
At least get the fuck out
of San Pedro.
I don't think the whole student thing
is gonna happen right now.
Why? Because you didn't get into that
Art Institute place?
- Go somewhere else
- "Art Institute place"...
Whatever, it's alright.
That scholarship was my ticket...
Well you are the king of scholarships.
Got me into your ritchie rich
private school.
On the short bus every day.
Rich fuck.
Fuck you, ghetto trash.
You ever declare a major?
Larry said I should go for
Communications.
"Communications. "
What does that mean?
It means I'm set, dude.
Larry's gonna set me up with
something at his firm, you know,
so I can go back and get some more
partying out of my system.
Move back here, buy a couple suits.
Start making some real cash.
You could have the same
life... if you wanted.
Alright bro.
Alright man. Come up and hang
out soon ok?
Alright.
No, I mean it this time, dude.
You've been up once. That shit
ain't right.
Look, I'll get you a plane ticket.
Or just get in the car and drive.
- Cool?
- Ok.
Code-man. Keep it real, playboy.
- Promise?
- Yeah.
Ok, ok, go...
Gotta pee, gotta pee, gotta pee...
- Hey.
I'm gonna go out for a session.
No, I thought you were staying.
I went shopping.
And I invited Ellen over.
What?
You're an eligible bachelor, right?
That's what I heard.
Not that you would ever tell me.
Shh.
You know, if you keep breaking
up with Tori like that,
one of these times she's
not coming back.
Jeanne, Jeanne, come in Jeanne.
Cody to Jeanne.
Cody, I don't wanna play right now.
Just watch the TV, okay?
Hey.
Listen, I'm heading out, alright?
It's breaking hard.
- Zach...
- Later, Codes.
♪ Words were filed in the
mind of a child ♪
♪ And the secrets were attached
to the wall ♪
♪ I laughed once or twice
in the melting of the ice ♪
♪ and the secrets of feeling
in the snow ♪
♪ She delivered the grass and
delivered the trees, ♪
♪ And left me standing clueless
at the bar ♪
♪ I climbed up the path
that was covered with leaves ♪
♪ The journey wasn't sooner
than it all ♪
♪ I wandered around.
I wandered around... it all ♪
♪ I wandered around and spiraling
down with pirate sounds ♪
♪ The sounds ♪
When did you draw this one?
A long time ago.
My mom used to work here
just like yours.
So sometimes I would just
wait out here...
and I wold draw.
Here, I'll show you how.
Go around there...
Dot.
Here, now you just fill it in.
Want the silver?
Who would wait with you?
When?
When you drew these.
No one.
What about Papi?
Well, he was very hurt from when he
fell and hurt his back at work.
He's your daddy.
Yes.
And you're my daddy.
No, Cody. I'm your uncle.
Your mommy is my sister.
That makes me your uncle.
Roy's your daddy.
Nope. You're my daddy.
You're my daddy, you're my daddy.
You're my daddy, you're my daddy...
Hey... keep drawing.
Hey, Zach!
What's up.
Hey, Zach, you're staying in
tonight, right?
Why?
Alan's playing at the Landmine and
he put us on the guest list.
Looks like you're the babysitter
tonight little brother.
Guess so.
Hello?
Hey, monkey.
Hey, what are you doing?
Guess...
Babysitting?
Bingo!
- Hey listen, can I call you back?
Where are you?
Are you there? Zach?
I can't hear anything.
- Uh, yeah.
- Hey, I'm losing you.
- Yeah, I'm here.
- Can you hear me? Hello?
Tori, I was thinking about you and...
- I'll meet you at Billy's.
Hello?
Jesus Christ! You fucking idiot...
Oh my God... get the opener.
Jeanne, what the fuck?!
Shit, dad's mad.
I just put him to bed.
Oh come on, he can sleep
through everything.
Just keep it down, alright?
Did you get cigarettes?
Yeah, come here.
I thought your ghetto ass would be
done breaking and entering by now.
Change of code, bitch!
What are you gonna tag
the garage next?
That may not go over... you know.
With the Pacific Bluff
homeowners agreement,
wouldn't wanna set your dad in
trouble with the board.
Step-dad.
I left my longboard here.
That's cool.
How you doing, man?
Good, good, you know.
So I haven't seen you since like
your graduation.
What have you been up to?
Nothing. Working, you know.
How about you?
I'm just down for a few weeks.
House is empty, I could enjoy it.
Clear my head a little bit.
I thought you hated it down here?
I miss the ocean.
Dude, you live in L. A.
I don't paddle out there.
You wanna go?
Surfing?
Uh... yeah.
I suppose there's still a few things
I could teach you.
You will soon learn, butterfly.
Perhaps master underestimate student.
Bring it on, city boy!
Well, we picked a good time to
come out.
Yeah, the tide's coming in.
Yeah.
Hey, where are you living now?
With Jeannie in San Pedro.
It's just for now, you know.
I'm trying to save up to get my
own place.
But you know, it's close to my dad
and work and stuff.
Well you guys are welcome to come out
here anytime you want.
Just like old times, huh?
Minus Gabe.
Right.
Hey... you see him much?
A bit. He came down last year
with some of his friends.
Those guys like to party.
You can say that again.
How is Jeanne doing?
You know, the same I guess?
I try to help out as much as I can.
I cannot see her as a mom.
Cody must be getting big?
Yeah, he's five already.
-Wow.
It's crazy, you know.
Time just flies.
Yep. Trust me, it only gets faster.
Yeah, I bet.
Hey, monkey!
What's up?
What are you doing down here?
Only place for dogs
and a fire on the beach.
Yeah.
Come down, grab a beer.
Cool, I'll be down in a sec.
Alright.
Hey, you wanna go grab a beer or do
you wanna just take off?
Yeah, I'll grab a beer. Sounds good.
Cool.
So who'd you come down with?
Billy.
Who is that?
Shaun!
Gabe's brother?
Yeah.
He doesn't come back much.
He's been pretty MIA.
It's nice to see you.
Yeah, it's good to see you too.
Going long!
Are you gonna play or are you just
gonna talk shit about me?
Nice throw.
I'm Tori.
I remember you.
You were 13 and you had crimped hair,
but I remember you.
I bought you guys wine coolers.
I think you puked on my
parents' deck.
Wow.
You're still putting up with
this guy's shit?
Well, we're both still here.
Right on.
That's why you never tell a woman
how to cook a chicken.
I can't believe you got shot
by a chick.
Shaun, right?
Aren't you Gabe's bro?
Yeah.
Heard you went all Hollywood,
writing movies or something.
Yeah, or something.
What's the deal?
You're still with Tori then?
Are you a fag?
I mean she's hot.
So it's cool if I move in
on that then?
The swell's coming in.
Yeah it looks that way.
Trip seeing Tori.
Yeah, I bet.
You guys have been together for years.
Yeah we're just taking a little break
right now.
I mean, she's my best friend.
Other than Gabe.
It's all good.
You dating anyone?
No, I just broke up.
Yeah? Is that why you're
really down here?
No, no, no...
Yeah, actally it is.
I moved out of our place and, uh,
my new lease doesn't start until
the end of the month.
That's cool.
I'm sorry.
-Mhm.
Hello?
I thought we weren't gonna leave
him over there.
No, don't drive, Jeannie.
I'll go get him.
Yeah.
I gotta go.
Alright.
Tori said she needs a ride so...
That's cool, I'll catch a ride
from someone.
It's cool. Great riding today.
- Alright, man.
Yeah, it was good seeing you man.
- Yeah it was fun.
- Ok cool.
I'm gonna leave.
Wait, come here...
I'm tired. Goodnight.
Did I write this shit?
Oh my God.
Hello! Hello! Is anyone out there?
Hello. Is anyone out there?
Hellooo... Shaun?
Who the fuck is this?
Master does not know his own student.
Student is ashamed.
Master gets old.
Where'd you find these?
Dude, they were just laying
around the house.
Man, Gabe and I used to stay up for
hours on these.
I can't believe that these
go all the way to your house.
All the way to the ghetto.
They were the latest technology
back then.
I think your dad bought them
for Gabe in an airport
when he missed a Christmas one year.
Step-dad.
Yeah, I remember that year. I think
he got me a talking dart board.
That sucks!
Oh hey, I saw some of your tags today.
They're sweet.
Yeah?
Yeah, you've got that crane thing
going on; it looks cool.
- Glad to see someone's doing
their artwork.
Yeah, sometimes.
It was, uh... .
It was nice riding out there today.
Yeah.
What's up?
Your battery's probably gonna run out.
Probably hasn't been replaced
in 10 years.
What are you listening to?
Um, nothing...
He's a fighter. He's totally a
fighter.
He's gonna kick his ass.
One...
But he wants to look good...
kicking his ass.
He's wearing a sweet suit,
and he's gonna kick his ass.
Ha!
Dude, it's breaking overhead.
Let's roll to the 'bu.
I'm working.
Really? That's too bad.
Alright, see you later then.
Alright! Hold on, I'll come.
You might wanna change first.
Come on dude, let's go!
Oh, dude, it's a fucking circus
out there.
I'll protect you from the big brewery.
Go... I've got a better spot.
-Pussy!
Better spot... Go.
- It's nice.
- Yeah.
The break looks good, man.
- Just gotta figure out where the
road is.
- Uhhhh... Oh right there!
Right there, right there!
Careful.
- Should've told me sooner.
- Sorry, sorry. Go.
This is rad!
Sorry I never told you and Gabe
about this place, man.
I just didn't want it to turn into the
remnants
of your keggers every Sunday morning.
This is my place I used to come to get
away and think.
- And surf?
- And surf.
- Let's go.
So you still thinking about
applying to art school?
I do street art now.
It's cool though, you know.
What are you working on?
A book.
Oh. What, it's been like, uh, 3 years
since the last one, right?
- Is it really long or something?
- Fuck off.
You sure didn't leave much out
of the last one.
You read it?
Who knew there'd be so much drama
inside the gates of Pacific Bluffs.
I never knew.
You never really know
what's happening inside.
Yeah, that's what I liked about it.
I did embellish a little bit;
it is fiction.
You changed a couple of names?
When did you read it?
When it came out.
Funny, Gabe never mentioned anything.
I never told him.
Why would he tell you?
I just never knew that
you knew about me.
What's your new one about?
Uh, still trying to figure that out.
Don't really have a subject yet.
But, I'll get it back.
I hope so.
You're good.
- You really liked it?
- Yeah.
You hungry?
Yeah, you wanna go to the shack
or something?
Yeah, definitely.
So, how long you staying around?
I'm gonna be here for a while.
I was supposed to go to Barcelona to
meet a friend next month,
but I'm kinda broke.
You should ask Larry for the cash.
Ooh no, that's not my style.
Have you ever been to Europe.
I've been to Florida once.
And that time your parents took
me to Mexico.
- That's about it.
- That's right, that's right.
- I don't travel much.
- You should go, man.
I'd like to someday.
I mean, just for the art.
-Yeah.
Hmm.
Go ahead, take it.
Nah, it's cool.
What? You guys like, in limbo
or something?
Yeah, yeah...
- I'm not good at that.
- Takes a little practice.
And he drives right through
the stop sign.
And out into some field.
He totally passed out.
He must've been wasted, man.
He was totally hammered.
He's a fucking idiot.
But he's my brother.
And I love him.
And my best friend.
- Cheers!
I'm gonna get another... you?
- Mhmm, Ok.
- Alright.
Here you go...
Thanks, brother.
- Wow.
- Woah... what are you doing?
Easy dude, it's ok.
I wanna look at it.
No one ever looks at that.
Wow, is that Cody?
Yeah.
A sad Cody.
You could tell?
Yeah. And how you darkened it
around his head.
This is incredible.
And there's no toys in his room.
Wow.
It's awesome.
Yeah, he'd just gotten scolded.
He was trying to understand why...
So he came into my room.
He hasn't left yet.
It's the only place he could sleep.
Ok, enough.
Ow, ho ho, ow.
Ow!
Adam's apple.
- I'm trashed.
- The cops are definitely coming.
Shit!
What? You'll make it.
Cody, let's go.
Where were you?
- Surfing.
- All night?
Yeah, what the fuck?
I'm just asking.
- Want a ride or not?
- Go.
Cody, let's go!
I think I should reapply
to CalArts...
What's CalArts?
It's a school, buddy.
- I get to go to school next year.
- Yep.
They already turned you down.
What made you think of that?
It's just a thought.
Well don't get your hopes up.
I mean we're having a hard time, Zach.
I don't need you getting all down.
Yeah...
Alan paints houses. Maybe I can see if
he can hook you up with a job.
Ooh.
You're heavy.
Come on.
- I'll be right in.
- Alright, hurry up.
Hey, monkey.
Hey.
I'm late.
Oh hey.
I hear you've been hanging
out with Shaun.
Surfing.
Well you know about him, right?
What about him?
He's gay.
He's an old friend, Jeanne. We've been
surfing together since I was 8.
Yeah, well is that all?
Yeah, what are you saying?
- Nothing.
- Good.
Zach, I just don't think that he's
the best guy to be hanging out with
all day half-naked...
if you know what I mean.
And I don't want Cody around that.
What? Why?
I'm late. Get out.
Fine.
Zach, you're not a fag, right?
Jeanne...
Wait, you never tell me anything.
How am I supposed to know?
What do you think?
I think I don't wanna deal with that.
Hi dude.
- I tried calling you.
- Yeah.
- Listen, I just wanted to...
- Yeah, I've been really busy, man.
- Yeah, that's cool.
- Yeah, I know.
- Listen, man...
- Just drop it, dude.
Ok.
Hey, Shaun.
Hey. What's up?
I need help!
Shaun, this is Cody.
Hi Cody, how are you, man?
I'm Shaun.
I need help.
You need help?
Uhh, alright...
But, dude you've got it all wrong.
See, you've gotta fortify the corners
of the moat first.
"Fourty-fi"?
Codes, let's go.
I'm not done; I have to "fourty-fi"!
Shaun, do you mind looking after
Cody for a second?
We're cool.
Let's go for a walk.
No, I don't think I should leave Cody.
Come on, Shaun can watch him.
You guys go, it's fine.
Alright.
There we go.
This is gonna be a sweet walking
bridge. Oh look at that!
Shaun's great with Cody.
Listen, I'm sorry about the other day.
It was stupid.
Just make up your mind, Zach.
If you don't want to be together then
just don't pull that shit on me.
Ok.
If it's what you want then
I'm gonna move on.
Alright.
You know what that means, right?
Yeah, Tori. I know what that means.
Just go, ok?
Come on, Cody.
Time to go.
Five more minutes.
Shaun rocks.
No, Cody. Let's go.
Shaun rocks!
Can I jump on the sand castle?
No, we gotta go. Come on.
Hey, the tide's gonna get it anyway.
You might as well let him have at it.
Go ahead.
- Woo!
- Weehaa!
Alright man, great job!
Come on, little man.
Sayonara.
Hey, I just wanted to talk
to you about the other night.
What?
I think you're really talented. And I
don't think you should throw it away.
I think you should do something
with it.
Is that it?
Yeah.
I'm late.
Tori, I'll call...
Good morning.
What time is it?
Why? You got somewhere to go?
Yeah. Yeah I gotta go.
Wait.
Listen, I gotta go.
- Hey, Jeannie.
- Hey.
Where's Cody?
Like you care.
What are you talking about?
Where were you last night?
I called you like 3 times.
Did you need something?
Yeah. I need to know you're there.
I'm always there. For Cody.
You weren't last night.
What do you need, Jeannie?
Actually, Alan is going up
to Portland this weekend.
And um, he's gonna make a bid on a
job. He said he'd take me.
It would do me so much good
to get out of here.
- Alan?
- Yeah.
- Uh huh.
Can you watch Cody this weekend?
Please...
You know, I was hoping to have
the weekend to myself.
Why?
Who are you fucking?
What? What are you talking about?
Come on, I saw you gazing out the
window.
I know it's not Tori.
Who is it?
Nobody?
Well I guess you're free then.
Come on, Zach. You're all I've got.
I know.
Hey.
Hey. Everything cool?
Yeah, yeah...
Uh, what are you doin'?
Going to work.
- Come on over tonight. I'll cook
steaks.
Uh... I can't.
Come on. I'll make margaritas.
Strong ones.
Who is that?
No one.
Hold on.
So you can do it, right?
I gotta tell Alan.
Fine.
-Cool, thanks.
Shaun, I can't.
Why?
Jeannie's leaving for the weekend
and I gotta watch Cody.
- So bring him.
No.
Why not?
You don't care?
No! That kid's great.
He says some funny shit.
Look, I'm turning the grill on at 8.
Ok.
Come on, dude.
I like these!
Nah, you don't want those.
I think you should get these.
But I want real shoes.
But these are way cooler.
Ok.
Alright, let's go.
Hey! Ankle biter!
What's up man, how are ya?
Are you hungry?
Starving!
Starvin'? What do you want
for dinner?
Hey, he'll eat whatever.
I don't think I was asking him, was I?
- No.
- No, I don't think so.
No.
Cold ones are in the fridge.
What are you drinking?
Red. Larry had this sick bottle
in the cellar.
I'll try that.
Alright, cool.
Alright, buddy. Lay it on me.
Whatcha gonna have for
dinner tonight?
Uh, Mac and Cheese...
Ok.
Hot dog.
Hot dogs?
And, um, pancakes with...
- Ok!
Chocolate chips.
Chocolate chips? Ok!
and no vegetables.
No vegetables?
Are you sure?
Sure, sure?
Ok. Alright, buddy.
I want you to do me a favor...
Go look out at the ocean.
Beautiful waves coming in right now.
I'm gonna make your dinner.
Somehow.
- Are we still in California?
- Yeah, buddy.
Where are you going?
I don't think we have that stuff
in the house.
Seriously, dude. Don't worry about it.
-No, I want to. I want to.
Little kids are supposed to
be spoiled.
Besides, I'll be back in like five
minutes, ok?
I'm gonna go check on him.
- Where did Jeanne say she was going?
- She's going to Oregon.
She thinks there's some job
up there worth checking out.
I admire what you're doing for Cody.
You don't have to.
Yeah. I do.
It's a choice, Zach.
It's family.
I'm the only one left.
You get that from your mom.
Yeah, I know... Lucky me.
Come here.
What?
I need to go check...
He's fine. He's asleep. He's ok.
Just come here.
You sure you guys don't wanna stay?
He doesn't like waking up in
strange places.
Gets enough of that when I'm
not around.
Ok. Take this.
What is it?
CalArts application.
Shaun, I'm not going down this
road again.
Take it.
Thanks for tonight.
Goodnight.
Bye.
♪ Lie of why you're leavin' early ♪
♪ Deny that you're in any hurry ♪
♪ Cry and tell me not to worry ♪
♪ 'Cause what I don't know, is never
gonna hurt me ♪
♪ Breathe now baby, don't
feel guilty ♪
♪ Deceive me then just walk away ♪
♪ Leave me, the truth would
only kill me ♪
♪ And it's gotta be, it's gotta
be this way ♪
♪ One more bad excuse before
you turn me loose ♪
♪ Give me something to
remember you by ♪
♪ Couldn't you offer me a little
dishonesty ♪
♪ Promise me you'll try ♪
♪ You'll lie to me ♪
♪ Go, your plane's not gonna stay ♪
♪ Slow, so I can take it in ♪
♪ And so you say you'll see me later ♪
♪ When you know you won't
see me again ♪
♪ Please before you let go of me ♪
♪ Take me one more time ♪
♪ Appease me, tell me that
you love me ♪
♪ That you haven't gone and changed
your mind ♪
♪ One more bad excuse before
you turn me loose ♪
♪ Give me something to
remember you by ♪
♪ Couldn't you offer me a little
dishonesty ♪
♪ Promise me you'll try ♪
♪ You'll lie to me ♪
♪Lie to me, lie to me, couldn't you♪
♪ Lie to me ♪
♪ Mm mm mmm, lie to me, yeah ♪
So you gonna head back up to
L. A. soon?
I'm pretty happy here.
Yeah.
Hey... why don't you come with me?
Yeah, right.
I'm serious.
You could come with me.
I live right near CalArts.
You're so beautiful.
Shut up!
Hey, learn to take a compliment.
Thanks.
So glad you're here.
Me too.
Yo, bro. What do you know!
Gabe!
Come on, come on!
Shaunypoo!
Hurry, hurry, go!
-Your little brother Gabe's back!
Where's my princess big brother?
What? You got a guy in there you slut?
No!
Ooohh, a girl?
Yeah, right!
Did I interrupt your beating off,
or what?
No, I was sleeping.
- Sleeping?
- Yes.
With the door locked?
Ok, weirdo...
No, hey, come here dude!
- Good to see you too, bro.
- I missed you so much.
There it is, yeah. Arrgh.
Arrrr.
Dude, so what are you doing here, man?
I thought you were moving into
your new place this week.
No, no. You know, the thought of...
moving into an empty place is
just depressing, you know?
Yeah? Well it's pretty empty here.
You doing alright?
Yeah, I'm good.
- You sure?
- Mhmm.
Yeah, I heard it was pretty tough
there for a while.
Yeah, it was tough.
Well don't worry, Romeo.
You'll find a new one.
Yeah, thanks.
So, you ready to hang up your
pink Gucci suit
and come pal out with
your real friends?
Yeah, ok.
Right on, I'll call Zach.
Ok, good, yeah.|
What was that?
June's probably cleaning today.
But June comes on Tuesdays.
Yes she does.
Pool guy? I dunno.
- You ok?
- Yeah.
Yeah? You look a bit freaked out.
No, I'm just tired.
- Alright.
- Just tired.
There anything good to eat in the
fridge or is it stocked with low-carb
fag food? I'm fucking
starving man.
Just a lot of fag food.
Yo, burger boy!
What up?
What are you doing down here?
Cherie's back in town for the weekend.
Told her I'd come down.
Oh yeah?
I thought there's plenty of
pussy in S. B.
Oh yeah. But the girls there
are fucking teases man.
Whatever. Party's on for tonight.
Everyone's coming.
We'll go grab a quick surf sesh...
and get started.
Uh, I'm not off for another half hour.
No worries. I already fixed your
spare board.
Huh?
The one you've been keeping at
the house.
I saw it out back and I fixed it.
Grabbed it, patched it all up...
Oh yeah, yeah... that board.
Man, I left that there a while ago.
Whatever. So I'll see you around
five at mine?
- Ok.
- Alright, cool.
Nice shirt, by the way.
Dude, so what's the latest?
You and Tori really over
this time?
Yeah.
Glad to hear it. It's about time.
So what are you doing then?
Just playing the field?
I talked to a bunch of people and
no one sees you anywhere.
Everyone's gone man.
Yo, there he is!
Hey, you lasted pretty long out
there, old man.
My big bro on a longboard.
Never thought I'd see the day.
Yeah, Give me 10 years and call me
back about that.
Yeah, right. I'll never be on a
longboard. Ever.
Alright, I'm getting beers.
What's up, babe?
Shaun, what...
Shaun, just chill.
Hey, Codes.
What's wrong?
Cody, go to your room for a second.
Please tell me that he is
just confused.
What do you mean?
Zach, why didn't you tell me?
Tell you what?
Ok, your confusion is one thing...
But bringing Cody into this is just
totally fucked.
- I didn't bring him to anything.
- You brought him to Shaun!
He likes Shaun! Shaun's better than...
You know what, forget it. It's not
about Shaun, it's about us.
It is about our family.
What about it?
Cody lost his father; He needs you.
He needs a positive man in his life.
Well I'm sorry I'm no Alan.
You don't know shit. Ok.
He's a little kid.
He's not gonna understand this.
You're mother of the fucking year now?
- Oh fuck you.
- He'd be lost without me!
Fuck you, Zach!
Zach, are you trying to fuck up
our family?
Yeah, yeah Jeannie. That's what I'm
trying to do.
You know, Cody has a sense of family
because of me.
Mom died and I got the family
fucking gene.
Oh, I see. So it's the 'family' gene
that's making you run off and
have your big gay wedding?
You gonna make the family proud?
Is that what you're scared of?
This isn't about Shaun, or me.
This is about you being left.
You know, I'm the only one who
hasn't run off on you.
That's sweet.
But go ahead, judge me.
I don't care. You know, you're right.
Ok fine. Yeah, guys have left me.
But, Zach, now you are just a
Summer fuck, ok?
You've reduced yourself to a little
piece of ass.
So bravo! You are doing really
well for yourself.
Do you think that is a good
upbringing for him?
- Yes.
- Do you?
No, I don't know. I don't know.
Well... if it is, do you think you'd
have to hide it from me?
From Gabe? From Tori?
I don't know!
I don't fucking know, ok?
I just want what's best for Cody.
Well, so do I!
Sorry.
Oh God.
Hey.
I need some time.
I just don't know if this
is really what I want.
It seems like what you want.
I just don't know if this
is what I want.
For good.
What's that supposed to mean?
It's not as easy for me as it is
for you.
You know, this is all totally
new to me.
Look, we'll get through
the Gabe thing...
No it's not that, Shaun.
You just don't get it, ok?
I can't just take whatever I want.
My life is not like that.
You'll never get what you want
unless you take it.
Take it...
You know, You and Gabe have always
been able to point and take,
no questions asked.
You don't realize it's not like that
for other people.
It's fucking ignorant!
Oh and you and Jeanne just blame
everyone else
because you can't do anything for
yourselves?
What do you call that?
Look... fuck!
Why are you doing this?
Don't get all emotional and faggy
on me, ok?
What?
I'm sick of being your childhood
wet dream, Shaun.
Find another fucking fantasy!
You know what, you're a
fucking coward!
I'm done.
You're a fucking coward.
Get out!
We're closed!
What's up, bro?
Good, brother.
Fuck, I'm so hungover...
Kitchen's closed.
Do you want a coffee?
Yes, please.
So what's up?
I'm taking off later today.
Never saw you leave last night.
- So...
- So?
Why didn't you tell me?
Tell you what?
I don't care... at all.
I don't know what you're
talking about.
Have you, have you always known?
Seriously, dude.
Ok.
The fact that it's my brother is
totally weird.
I know.
No, like...
really really fucking weird.
Alright, I got it.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
Don't tell anyone, ok?
Ok.
So are you going with other guys?
No!
I heard they give better head.
They give better head, don't they?
Dude, stop!
- They swallow?
- Gabe!
Do you think he's hot?
Shut the fuck up, dude!
Fine.
- So, where'd you go last night?
- I slept in my car.
Why didn't you just crash at mine?
This doesn't have to change things.
Doesn't change things? Yeah, you're
right, Gabe.
I used to be the guy you came and
talked to, remember?
Before Shaun.
This isn't exactly easy on me.
It isn't easy on you, right?
You know what? It's over anyways.
Just leave it, dude.
I've gotta clean up and
you've gotta leave.
Hey, we're still bros, alright?
I mean it.
Come here.
Can I please just come in and crash?
Jeannie?
What?
Have you seen my portfolio?
I can't find it anywhere.
I don't know.
The portfolio I was putting together
for CalArts.
No, I haven't seen it.
- What's today?
- Um, I think the 30th.
Fuck!
Zachy, what are you doing?
They turned you down.
Why do you wanna put yourself
through that again?
I just thought I'd give it another
shot, you know?
Well don't bother. That place is full
of rich kid painters
and they're all gonna end up working
at art stores anyway.
Yeah, maybe.
They're hiring at the Oceanette.
You want me to put in a good word?
It's a good job.
We could use the money.
How come we never see Shaun anymore?
Sometimes that happens, Cody.
People leave sometimes.
Why did he leave?
It's complicated. A grown-up thing.
Can we say hi to him even though
he left? He was cool.
No. Sometimes people leave and never
come back.
Like my daddy?
Yes, Cody. Like your daddy.
Hey.
Hey, Jeannie.
Rick is on today. He's a nightmare.
So steer clear.
Got it.
Hey, Cody. Are you ready?
Give me the pen.
Bye, kiddo.
♪ I've burned a hole in, in the
map I made ♪
♪ And I'm not sure what I missed ♪
♪ And I just make the same mistakes ♪
♪ Can I be more than this? ♪
♪ If this is all, if this is
all we ever were ♪
♪ At least I loved enough to hurt ♪
♪ Enough to hurt ♪
♪ I played the fool, yeah I played a
losing game ♪
♪ And let go of my innocence ♪
♪ And I don't know, I'll never be
the same ♪
♪ Can I just be more than this?
More than this? ♪
♪ If this is all, if this is
all we ever were ♪
♪ At least I loved enough to hurt ♪
♪ Enough to hurt ♪
You have 1 new message.
Hey, Zach.
It's Kelly Burke, from CalArts.
Uh, I got your portfolio
and your application.
Kinda surprised to see
that you applied again.
But, really happy that you did.
So I returned the portfolio to
the Ocean Beach
address that you sent it from.
There's a couple of things I need to
go over with you before I can
continue with it. So give me a call
when you get this.
I'm at extension 20, and I hope to
hear from you. Alright, take care.
To replay, press 4. To erase, press 7.
To return this call, press 8.
To save, press 9.
To hear all other options, press star.
Jeannie, get up!
Get up!
What are you doing?
Sleeping.
Yeah, with some help.
Wait, Zach, wait.
Allen got that job.
Yeah?
In Portland and I gotta go with him.
I can make good money there,
and...
But they don't take kids.
What do you mean they don't take kids?
I don't know.
They just don't take kids.
Allen's not really into it anyway.
Cody's gonna have to stay
here with you and Papi...
At least until we get set up.
With me and dad for how long?
I dunno. Six months... a year maybe?
You know he can't stay with dad.
I know.
But he can't come with me.
Zach, the Oceanette is not cutting it.
I can make three times that up there.
Is there any more?
Well I'm full, do you want mine?
Yeah.
I do.
You like it?
Yeah.
- Mom?
- Yeah.
Can I go to Oregon too?
Cody, I told you.
You gotta stay here
and keep your uncle Zach company
so he doesn't get lonely.
Can you do that for mommy?
Hello?
No, he's not here.
Hey, monkey.
Hey.
I got in.
What?
To CalArts, they took me back.
I don't know how I'll do it.
You'll have to figure out a way.
If you pass it up
You'll be stuck here.
I don't feel stuck here.
Yes you do.
Jeanne wants to go to Oregon.
Maybe she'll have to stay.
Cody is her responsibility.
I can't leave him.
Figure it out.
Cheer up!
Can we just celebrate?
There's something I really
need to tell you.
I already know.
I've known for a while.
You are the only reason
I wish I wasn't.
None of this other shit matters.
But what really sucks...
Is that I've always wanted to
be everything to you.
Always dreamed of providing you with
anything you ever wanted or needed.
Do you love him?
Oh come on...
Seriously.
He's a good guy, Zach.
You don't belong to people forever.
Then why bother?
Isn't it worth it?
Yeah.
- Tori.
- Yeah?
Can I stay with you
just for the night?
I have nowhere else to go and
I can't face Jeanne.
Of course.
But you can't fuck me.
Come on...
♪ I took a long hard look
At the words in that book ♪
♪ I had to cast my last stone
And take the long way home ♪
♪ I couldn't look you in the eye
And tell another lie ♪
♪ Have to do this on my own ♪
♪ I'll take the long way home ♪
♪ the long way home ♪
♪ I don't know how you feel ♪
♪ Or if I ever will, yeah
Do you wait by the phone ♪
♪ While I take the long way home,
the long way home ♪
Say something.
You say something.
Student was bad.
Made bad judgment call.
Now see truth.
Where are you?
Getting warmer...
Colder...
Turn around.
I'm so sorry.
You'd better be.
You sent in my application?
Yeah.
Why are you here?
What changed?
I did.
Will you help me?
You serious?
Of course.
Anything.
Anything?
Yes.
I got in.
- Full ride.
- Yes! I knew it!
Are you serious?
Yeah, I really wanna go this time.
Of course.
I turned down the scholarship before.
My mom... Cody... everything.
I just couldn't walk out.
I never told anyone.
I really wanna go this time.
And you did say you lived close.
Well then let's do it.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
I'm so proud of you, man. So proud.
- Shaun!
- Hey, kiddo...
Allen, take Cody inside, ok?
Zach, what is he doing here?
What? Are you bailing on me?
Bailing?
Jeanne, you're the one
leaving your son!
If you don't like this option
then just stay.
Five more minutes!
Jesus, Cody. Shut the fuck up you...
Don't you ever talk to him like that!
- Zach!
- Allen!
- That fucking little shit!
Take a walk baby, please?
For me. Please...
Ok, ok.
- Easy, easy.
- Zach, what the fuck!
Jesus Christ.
I'm gonna go inside and check on him.
Shaun is really great, Jeanne.
He really cares about Cody...
and me.
If he can't be with you,
this is the next best thing.
I'm gonna make it work.
Jeanne, take a look around.
Every kid should be so lucky.
What else could you possibly
want for him?
I got into CalArts.
I know.
You know?
Were you gonna tell me?
They told me that you
turned it down last time.
I'm not going to again.
No, you shouldn't.
He'll be fine with us...
Or stay, it's your choice.
Zach, if this thing with Allen
doesn't work out...
It's best that he's here with you.
He's in good hands I promise.
Yeah.
♪ Take me back toward the sea
Amongst the tide, amongst the sky ♪
♪ Never thought much of the
city lights ♪
You ready?
♪ Take me back to where I'm from
Show me the caress of the sun ♪
♪ Let's make it like a hideaway ♪
♪ Take me back to where I'm from
For me there's nothing more ♪
Take me back to where I'm from ♪
♪ The sun, the sand, the shore
♪ Yes, I'm goin' home, yeah I'm goin'
home ♪
♪ No other place for me
No other place for me ♪
♪ Yes, I'm goin' home,
yeah I'm goin' ♪
♪ home
Take me back to where I'm from ♪